Documentation Update (#271)
OpenLiberty/liberty-tools-vscode: README.md

| View unit test report (Maven) | View the unit test report file, if it exists at the `/target/site/surefire-report.html` default location. |
| View test report (Gradle) | Open the test report file, if it exists at the `build/reports/tests/test/index.html` default location. This action command is available only to Gradle projects. Gradle projects have only a single action command for test result reporting. |

## Requirements

<!-- Match the VSCode and Java version on top of README.md, and user-guide.md  -->
**Visual Studio Code 1.78.0** or later, and **Java 17** or later.

> Liberty Tools for Visual Studio Code will check `JAVA_HOME` and `xml.java.home` to ensure the LemMinX language server uses Java 17 or later. For further information on configuring your Java runtime, consult this [user guide section](/docs/user-guide.md#configure-your-java).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Liberty Tools for Visual Studio Code will check the `xml.java.home` VS Code setting or the `JAVA_HOME` system environment variable to ensure the LemMinX language server uses Java 17 or later. For further information on configuring your Java runtime for language servers, consult this [user guide section](/docs/user-guide.md#configure-your-java).
```
